Adding troubleshooting for rate limit (#20217)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/github.md

## Troubleshooting

### Hitting GitHub Search API rate limit with repositoryQuery

> Sometimes when Sourcegraph is synching many repositories via `repositoryQuery` githubs search rate limit will surpassed displaying an error like `failed to list GitHub repositories for search: page=..., searchString=\"...\"` to work around this try setting `repoListUpdateInterval` in your Sourcegraph [site config] (https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/site_config). `repositoryQuery` is the only repo syncing method that consumes GitHub search API quota, so if setting `repoListUpdateInterval` doesn't work consider switching your synching method to use another option, like `orgs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Sourcegraph syncs repositories configured  via `repositoryQuery`, it consumes GitHub API search rate limit, which is lower than the normal rate limit. The `affiliated`, `public` and `none` special values, however, trigger normal API requests instead of search API requests.

When the search rate limit quota is exhausted, an error like `failed to list GitHub repositories for search: page=..., searchString=\"...\"` can be found in logs. To work around this try reducing the frequency with which repository syncing happens by setting a higher value (in minutes) of `repoListUpdateInterval` in your Sourcegraph [site config] (https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/site_config).

`repositoryQuery` is the only repo syncing method that consumes GitHub search API quota, so if setting `repoListUpdateInterval` doesn't work consider switching your synching method to use another option, like `orgs`, or using one of the special values described above.
```

Reviewer: Added some more details to it. PTAL!
